Go up and save me
Madam, are you okay?
Husband, do you want me to have something to do?
How could I hope you are okay?
that
What are you?
This is the helper I hired to help. Who is it?
Help me or help him?
Zhao Jing
Get rid of his daughter, he poisoned me
Oh, it was to help him
So it seems
You found what you were looking for in the warehouse.
This is bringing someone to clean me up
Zhang Qing, hurry up and clean him up
You hurry up and clean up this method, I, you hurry up
In the warehouse
Nothing.
What!
My sister's body was already moved by me
Two idiots
Ok you maid
Now it actually bites back
The eldest lady is in vain
It's you who scared me in your greed
Hurt me and the eldest lady
Inherit damn
Prime Minister Song, what are you and me, my wife?
It's all this cruel woman
Poisoned by greed
I saw that something was wrong and asked someone to come and help
for
Is to drive this heartless woman out of Lin Mansion